application: serial_lte_modem: Automation of LwM2M requests (#16360)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/CARRIER_AT_commands.rst

* ``#XCARRIEREVT: 1,<status>``

>   Request to set the modem to full functional mode, i.e. AT+CFUN=1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Request to set the modem to full functional mode, i.e. ``AT+CFUN=1``.
```

>   Request to set the modem to full functional mode, i.e. ``AT+CFUN=1``.

Reviewer 2: We don't use "i.e." and "e.g." in the documentation, so this will need to be opened up.
```suggestion
  Request to set the modem to full functional mode, equivalent to the ``AT+CFUN=1` AT command`.
```

Should be applied to all the lines where these are used.

Author: Not equivalent but must issue the AT command as mentioned.
Change to another wording?

Reviewer 2: Ah, so it doesn't automatically do it. Then, would this be correct:
```suggestion
  Request to set the modem to full functional mode, such as using the ``AT+CFUN=1`` AT command.
```
Alternatively, if the AT command is basically the only option, we can change the order:
```suggestion
  Request to use the ``AT+CFUN=1`` AT command to set the modem to full functional mode.
```

  ``<status>`` returns two possible values:

>   * ``0`` - request handling is fulfilled automatically.

Reviewer: Uppercase R is missing on every line that you modified.

Reviewer: This is not resolved.

Author: Ah, just locally, next commit after CI is updated

  * ``-1`` - request handling is deferred and must be fulfilled by the application at its earliest convenience.

* ``#XCARRIEREVT: 2,<status>``

>   Request to set the modem to flight functional mode, i.e. AT+CFUN=4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Request to set the modem to flight functional mode, i.e. ``AT+CFUN=4``.
```

  ``<status>`` returns two possible values:

  * ``0`` - request handling is fulfilled automatically.
  * ``-1`` - request handling is deferred and must be fulfilled by the application at its earliest convenience.

* ``#XCARRIEREVT: 3,<status>``

>   Request to set the modem to minimum functional mode, i.e. AT+CFUN=0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Request to set the modem to minimum functional mode, i.e. ``AT+CFUN=0``.
```

* ``#XCARRIEREVT: 10,<status>``

>   Request to perform an application reboot, e.g. AT#XRESET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Request to perform an application reboot, i.e. ``AT#XRESET``.
```

>   Request to perform an application reboot, e.g. ``AT#XRESET``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Request to perform an application reboot, i.e. ``AT#XRESET``.
```

Author: `e.g.` means there are other ways than `AT#XRESET`

Reviewer: Like what?

Author: .AT#XCARRIER="reboot"
.nRESET system reset (pin reset)
.ENABLE toggle
.nrfjprog -r (soft reset)
.powercycle

  ``<status>`` returns two possible values:

  * ``0`` - request handling is fulfilled automatically.

>   * ``-1`` - request handling is deferred and must be fulfilled by the application at its earliest convenience.

Reviewer: Still missing uppercase letters here.
